Gary Young: Hey, Wade.
Wade Brown: Good evening.
Wade Brown: How you doing?
Wade Brown: DC…
Gary Young: books.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I've already read the first one.
Gary Young: What?
Wade Brown: Sorry, what?
Gary Young: Lots of people are recommending it to me.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I don't know why. It's, it's not that good.
Wade Brown: It's fine. I don't know.
Gary Young: Right. It's…
Wade Brown: It's definitely taken the, the zeitgeist.
Gary Young: Well, it definitely opens up on a pretty zany note, so…
Wade Brown: Yeah, it stays pretty zany.
Gary Young: I don't know.
Wade Brown: I mean, it's… it's certainly not bad, right? Like, it's just…
Wade Brown: I don't… I don't know how it rose to such, Like, everybody talks about it.
Gary Young: Have you read Ready Player One?
Wade Brown: Yes, that was the same sort of deal.
Gary Young: Okay, so… alright. Yeah.
Wade Brown: Did you, did you read Ready Player One?
Wade Brown: What did you think of it?
Gary Young: You know, nostalgia, entertainment.
Wade Brown: It was, yeah, it's a… Forrest Gump for Gen Xers or something.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I don't… I don't understand either book. Like, I've read them both, and I just… I don't get the appeal. Like, they're… they're fine, they just… they're not great. Like, they're just fine. But yeah, people just go kind of nuts for them, so…
Gary Young: I mean, I guess if you were looking for nostalgia, it might be what you're looking for.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, there's definitely a lot of,
Wade Brown: I mean, like I said, it's Forrest Gump for, for Gen X, right? Like…
Wade Brown: I don't know if you've read that one, but man, it's,
Wade Brown: It's just, yeah, it's just nothing but like, hey, remember Reagan? Hey, remember the… remember these? Remember Kenny? Like…
Gary Young: I didn't read Forrest Company.
Wade Brown: No, I don't think you need to. Any more than I think you need to read Ready Player One or DCC.
David Mendenhall: Quesados.
Wade Brown: I don't know.
Gary Young: I don't see any note in the Discord.
Wade Brown: There he is!
Gary Young: Hey!
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, hello!
Wade Brown: Good evening.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm missing.
David Mendenhall: Made it.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see if he joins.
David Mendenhall: What did I miss?
Kostadis Roussos: Thomas Jefferson?
Gary Young: Just talking about this.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: No, I got that part.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, I put the summary and the abbreviated summary, and the abbreviated abbreviated summary, but the short version is…
Kostadis Roussos: The party went to, carved up the dragon, they went to…
David Mendenhall: up the dragon.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we got the double natural 20 on it, on an adventure, so…
Kostadis Roussos: You then went to, the mine.
David Mendenhall: Welcome to the mine, why don't we go to Phandalin?
Kostadis Roussos: Because it was on the way.
Wade Brown: on the way.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And while you were there, you discovered that there was a small situation.
Gary Young: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: That was resolved. Resolved peacefully.
Kostadis Roussos: And as far as.
Gary Young: You're lying to me, and I just don't take kindly to that.
David Mendenhall: There's always a situation with these people.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but…
David Mendenhall: We can do anything without us!
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the record.
Wade Brown: Spoken like a real manager.
Kostadis Roussos: It was… it was handled. Bukrin doesn't have to know all the details.
David Mendenhall: Hahaha, okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we're learning to keep him out of the room.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I don't wanna know.
Kostadis Roussos: I've hooked it with…
David Mendenhall: I don't wanna know. I don't wanna know.
Kostadis Roussos: Brooklynn was kept in the dark. Good.
Kostadis Roussos: And you arrived, in fact.
David Mendenhall: By the way, that dragon is fair trade.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, all the, like, that magic item you got from him, that seemed totally fair trade to me.
Kostadis Roussos: But it's not actually a magic item, it's a part for a magic item.
David Mendenhall: cover.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: The problem is that we have to invest money with the dragon parts to get the super badass item, and we don't quite have the money.
David Mendenhall: Oh… Bummer.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so,
Kostadis Roussos: So, you arrived in Phandalin. Harbin Wester, you know, pompously declared how happy he was to see you. He made a point about applauding your role in defeating the threat of the dragon. He congratulated you. He said that this is precisely why he created the Privy Council, to bring in new talent.
David Mendenhall: seething rage.
Kostadis Roussos: Seething rage.
Kostadis Roussos: There was a big festival set up, so that was great. No, there was a big festival, in your honor.
David Mendenhall: Great, yeah. We did not get into this for festivals.
Gary Young: That's… I'm…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you what happened, right? You asked me what…
David Mendenhall: Did we play… did I play?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, let me just tell you what happened. We'll assume you played.
David Mendenhall: I feel better then.
Kostadis Roussos: So, after… but in the middle of the dinner, Sir Kalen pulled you aside, actually pulled Soma aside, and the rest of you… rest of you followed.
Kostadis Roussos: And informed her…
Wade Brown: are added again.
Kostadis Roussos: that the Druids are at it again, and that she really needs to go to the Druid Enclave and stop Soma, who's rabble-rousing folks.
Wade Brown: Stop Adabra.
David Mendenhall: Didn't… didn't we have… we have an Emerald Enclave quest.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, this is it.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: No, no, no, we had a different one. Make Lyra great again. MLGA. Go to the Emerald Enclave with Lyra and persuade everyone that Lyra is awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: So, good point. I should have added that Sir Kalen said that the way she's planning to use it is to use Lyra's failure at the Withering Woods. Apparently, Adabra went to see what happened and discovered you weren't quite truthful.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, we'll be very persuasive.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just, I'm just telling you, so, so she's, she's, so there's a meeting.
Gary Young: Gosh.
Kostadis Roussos: There is a meeting.
Kostadis Roussos: They're concerned.
Wade Brown: Firing against us.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so, so what you've learned, what Sir Kalin said, was that, Soma's meteoric,
Kostadis Roussos: Rise as an interventionist has alarmed Adabra.
Kostadis Roussos: And, Adabro's trying to get the Emerald Enclave to… Denounce… denounce OMA, and… You know, currently.
Wade Brown: waste.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and apparently Sir Kaelin is… the point Sir Kalen made about her was that Adabra…
Kostadis Roussos: there were… during the War of the Dragons, the Dabra saw…
Kostadis Roussos: The damage caused by the people fighting the dragons, and not by the dragons themselves.
Kostadis Roussos: And concluded that the problem was the people fighting the dragons.
Kostadis Roussos: Not the dragons, not the cultists, it was… Yes. It's you guys.
Wade Brown: Brain's fault for.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly. It was… yes, like, basically.
David Mendenhall: Yeah. Why are they resisting?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. No, you… I mean, she's… that's… that's… that's… she… she's… she's not… she's just a delusional…
Wade Brown: awful.
David Mendenhall: Go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, she's… and I think she's very authentic in a real-world kind of way.
David Mendenhall: Why did we save her?
Wade Brown: Because I thought Naturalist meant something else at the time. Also, there was, like, 50 gold on the line, wasn't there?
David Mendenhall: I think it was 50 gold, and I think that was the main reason.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm sure that's the only reason we do anything.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll have to go look into that. Why did…
Wade Brown: I'm pretty sure it was 50 gold.
David Mendenhall: Gold gets 50 gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Curious. Alright. So.
Gary Young: 5 pieces of silver, come on.
Wade Brown: Bird.
David Mendenhall: It was 30 pieces of silver.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, in the Neverwinter exchange rate, yes.
Gary Young: Cheers.
Wade Brown: Did I miss something?
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah, we leveled up. I don't know if…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you have to, you have to be, hired one level higher.
David Mendenhall: What level are we?
Wade Brown: We're 6 now.
David Mendenhall: Holy cow, that's amazing!
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, to be quite honest.
David Mendenhall: We should be level 7.
Kostadis Roussos: No, we're level… you're level 7 now? Yes, right?
Wade Brown: Huh? No, we're at level 6 now.
David Mendenhall: fix.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Universal speech.
Gary Young: Can I ask some questions about Phandalin while we're here?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, while you're… just before you go, the answer was he needed organic, conflict-free, fair trade gold to fund his studio. He refused payment from looting.
Kostadis Roussos: The Umbridge Hill job was clean money. So, yes, it was all about the money.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: If you…
Kostadis Roussos: But because this is Vukridan, he doesn't remember this as… I've sort of came to appreciate Vukrudin doesn't see any conflict with any of his objectives.
Kostadis Roussos: He, like, uses his silver eloquence on himself.
Wade Brown: I mean, the… if you can deceive yourself, you'll always be happy, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. But he does object to people who do bad things. He finds that offensive. That's his Asimar heritage.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, like, you know, evil for him is just wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I mean, just by definition.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you were gonna ask about Vandalin, sorry.
Gary Young: Is this stale?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: Is this icon still?
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
Gary Young: on Rule 20.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't logged into Roll20, but that may be…
Gary Young: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you, raise your self-level? Did you get up to level… did you love yourself up, babe?
David Mendenhall: I did, yeah.
David Mendenhall: We've got some awesome new features.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, can I ask which ones they are, so I can groan?
Gary Young: From silver-tongued to golden-tongued.
David Mendenhall: When a creature adds one of your Bardic Inspiration dice to its ability check, attack roll or saving throw, and the roll fails, the creature can keep the Bardic Inspiration die.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's handy, so…
David Mendenhall: Oh, it's useful.
Wade Brown: Until it succeeds, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Until it succeeds And also, I can now talk to creatures in any language.
Kostadis Roussos: Awesome. Aww. I have… I have… I have an important…
Wade Brown: useless.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, you're not useless anymore, now you can talk to the bard.
Wade Brown: What?
Kostadis Roussos: When you're a beast, you couldn't talk to anybody. Now you can talk.
Wade Brown: Wow. This is actually useful, yeah.
David Mendenhall: I can only do that once per long rest.
Gary Young: Indeed.
David Mendenhall: And for 1 hour.
Wade Brown: Okay, yeah.
Gary Young: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, we had a true Gary moment.
Kostadis Roussos: Gary discovered that he could cast Bless four times per day.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
Gary Young: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: For 10 minutes.
Gary Young: You see his? I've got this, which.
David Mendenhall: You've had that for, like, 4 levels now or something?
Gary Young: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Dude, Blast is helpful!
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: this. So, he's got Bodus Blast Spells, just so you all know.
David Mendenhall: Goodness.
Gary Young: And then there's the other thing that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, then he's got an even really cool… even cooler ability.
Gary Young: And then there's that one.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, sure.
David Mendenhall: Alright. Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: So you were gonna ask…
David Mendenhall: for brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Who can then shrug it off.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, she should not be there.
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Veteran is dead. Veterans are dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's no combat. You're currently in Phandalin, talking to Sir Kaelin, outside of the Temple of Lathander's searing pain of justice.
Gary Young: Okay, and then…
Wade Brown: Hmm, pardon.
Gary Young: There's, like, two Spider-Men here, too.
David Mendenhall: Did I fear that, like…
Kostadis Roussos: That's Jenna Roscoe, that's not Spider-Man.
David Mendenhall: Valveine, have I… have I…
Kostadis Roussos: That's, just telling me where he lives.
Kostadis Roussos: That's just like…
David Mendenhall: It qualifies as a charity? Is that… I heard that from… from Castatis. Is that accurate?
Gary Young: As a charity.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, is your church, like, a charity?
Kostadis Roussos: Can people donate?
Gary Young: horse.
David Mendenhall: You know, because I was thinking,
David Mendenhall: It's very important that if we can't find the rightful owners of all of these items, that they go to charity.
Gary Young: Yeah. That's definitely true, yeah.
Wade Brown: It's like a lost and found, an episode of, Flintstones or something.
David Mendenhall: I mean, we need to try to return them to their rightful owners, but sometimes… Not possible.
Gary Young: Heh, well… By the way, as we arrived back in town, we needed to do a religious parade.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, don't forget, Brynn and, Giles were… showed their son.
David Mendenhall: Fundraiser, if you will.
Gary Young: Yes. For the children.
Gary Young: Yes, it involves, self-flagellation through the, through the town.
David Mendenhall: Was it… fruitful?
Gary Young: I don't know, he didn't tell me.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the ritual… you did, when, when, when, when… what's his name? When Valfini arrived, Brynn and Giles, who were the, two, the two most recent converts to the Temple of Lathanders, searing pain of justice, showed up, showed up scarred and sunburnt.
David Mendenhall: I'm sure I've seen adjustment.
Kostadis Roussos: And they were very excited, and you know, they talked about the purifying essence of the pain of the sun.
Gary Young: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: That, you know, this was… Meanwhile, just so you know, Dave, just to bring you up to speed, Asoma has experienced a level of… no, sorry, not Nova. Lathander has, definitely reached out.
Kostadis Roussos: And made, valfine aware that she approves the direction he's taking the church.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Gary Young: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Since you're, of course, oblivious to all politics in the area, I won't explain to you why this is important.
David Mendenhall: No, no. Sounds like the charity's going very well.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, ironically, Vucradin's lack of interest in what's going on matches Dave's lack of interest in lore.
David Mendenhall: Funny how that works.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I need to get myself a soda.
David Mendenhall: Searing pain of justice.
David Mendenhall: Funny.
Gary Young: You didn't see the picture of the tinfold, right?
David Mendenhall: Here's a new picture.
Gary Young: Not a new picture, it's an old picture.
David Mendenhall: It's an old picture.
David Mendenhall: Do Crawdin's moral leadership guides your decisions? My moral leadership don't guide… it doesn't guide anyone's decisions.
Wade Brown: You're a little more moral than most of us.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but I don't guide you guys.
Wade Brown: No, no, actually, you stand in the way more than guide.
David Mendenhall: That seems more accurate, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Alright, well, are we off to make Lyra great again?
Wade Brown: I guess we are.
David Mendenhall: I will be very persuasive.
Wade Brown: There was some subtle railroading on the, going there.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
David Mendenhall: That's alright, it was on the quest tracker.
Wade Brown: was.
David Mendenhall: do it eventually.
Wade Brown: I'm not complaining.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
David Mendenhall: We still have… yeah, we still missed a bunch of stuff, though.
David Mendenhall: Myra! Okay, I gotta figure out my strategy for this.
David Mendenhall: This is gonna be challenging.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: I presume we wake up in the morning and we head out to the, forest where the meeting is going to be held.
Wade Brown: Would seem like the, prudent…
Kostadis Roussos: Prudent thing to do. Alright.
Gary Young: Do we all need to go?
Wade Brown: You just send Soma, you guys can go have fun?
David Mendenhall: Let's go!
Kostadis Roussos: What light does not…
David Mendenhall: I like Lyra. We need to… we need to help her. She's a good person.
Wade Brown: You know we're gonna piss off the Druids, though, they're not going to.
David Mendenhall: Virus and Jared!
Wade Brown: Yeah, but so is Adabra, and this is part of their whole schism. You're gonna end up losing half your fans there.
David Mendenhall: Ow… that's why I have such a silver tongue!
Wade Brown: Dave, you can sit on that fence pose.
David Mendenhall: Friends!
Wade Brown: If you can… if you can dance that fence, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Okay. What am I trying to do here. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: to,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, as you're… so you get directions to the, relevant…
Kostadis Roussos: event, of course. And you arrive at what can only be described as a council of druids, and Adabra is there waiting for you, waiting for you to speak.
Wade Brown: She knew we were coming?
David Mendenhall: Everybody gets Hardik inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, hold on.
Wade Brown: -
David Mendenhall: Are you a… you're not a… you're not a bear, right?
Wade Brown: No, I can only be in a bear for, like, 2 hours at a time. Hold on, let me clear this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: See if I can do that.
Wade Brown: And… did I update? I don't know if I updated the stats here…
Wade Brown: Nope, 51 is the current, okay.
Wade Brown: Make sure everything else is accurate, because, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, actually, I'm sorry, I should have misspoke. As you're approaching the council, Thomas, who was one of Lyra's agents, looks as if one of the guys who worked with Lyra sees you, and he,
Kostadis Roussos: Who wants to talk to you for a few moments.
David Mendenhall: Is Lyra here?
Kostadis Roussos: he's here.
David Mendenhall: Oh, where's Lyra?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do ask…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, I'm asking.
Wade Brown: You only speak to Lyra.
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that Lyra goes, Vukridin.
Kostadis Roussos: Lyra is currently at the Council.
David Mendenhall: That's where we are.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're on your way, I'm sorry, I… I made a mistake.
David Mendenhall: we're en route.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Hey, stop, okay, this is a random encounter.
David Mendenhall: I'm on there right now. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he goes, I must… he goes, okay, so you… yeah, so he's… Lyra's in the council, Adabra is, looking to…
Kostadis Roussos: To punish Lyra, she's… she's very upset.
Wade Brown: Lyra did nothing wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: That brought…
David Mendenhall: Punish how? Punish how?
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, Well…
Kostadis Roussos: Adabra doesn't have the authority to ban Lyra, but she does have the power to ostracize her
Kostadis Roussos: And cause her… and to have everyone turn on her and treat her with indifference.
David Mendenhall: Who has the authority?
Kostadis Roussos: The… well, he pauses and goes, this is the Emerald Enclave. We don't really do authority.
Wade Brown: Fucking hit you.
Kostadis Roussos: We… we… that's not… we don't have top-down hierarchies.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Because he does talk about cens.
Wade Brown: Building all the way around is.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and he pauses and said, although Rydoth, who is the nominal druid.
Kostadis Roussos: who is the nominal head of the, of this, of this, chapter of the enclave, isn't here, and Adabra called the meeting while he wasn't.
Kostadis Roussos: Precisely to achieve her objectives. You need to be careful if you're going there, and he looks to someone.
David Mendenhall: Where's where I go.
Kostadis Roussos: He's out of town.
David Mendenhall: Okay… Hang on… He's out of town. What does that mean?
David Mendenhall: Like, he's…
David Mendenhall: Like, what did he need to do? Why was he… why did he have to go? Why isn't he here?
Kostadis Roussos: Because the moon pauses and says, the ways of druids and what they need to do is not something they communicate to the likes of me.
David Mendenhall: Can you describe Ragath to me?
Kostadis Roussos: he does.
David Mendenhall: Is Rigeth aware that, this council's taking place?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: What would Ryga think if the Council were taking place?
Kostadis Roussos: He would be totally fine with it.
David Mendenhall: Oh, really?
Wade Brown: So why hide it?
David Mendenhall: He supports the.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's…
David Mendenhall: I mean, of…
Kostadis Roussos: I know he's a big believer in open communications and open channels.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Oh, he'll just always call more meetings, you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Okay. When you say that, he actually says, yes. Right off believes in discussion and speaking. He believes in consensus.
David Mendenhall: He would, if he knew this council was taking place, he would want to be here.
Kostadis Roussos: no.
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know. I don't know what…
David Mendenhall: You don't know. So he doesn't give… he doesn't give a shit.
David Mendenhall: What is this role as first druid? It's just sort of like…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a.
David Mendenhall: protecting wheel, really?
Kostadis Roussos: Thomas goes, you know what, Vukradin? I… I've given you all I can. I need to go to the meeting.
David Mendenhall: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Pissed him off.
David Mendenhall: I just want to be clear, like, like, if we could… if we could contact Raigeth, and if it made a difference, you know, we'd get ahold of him, but it sounds like it won't make a difference.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it won't… I mean, no, it won't. He's not gonna stop Aldabra from speaking.
Wade Brown: And he couldn't stop it anyway.
David Mendenhall: But then, why did she call it while he was gone? Why not call it?
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Because she doesn't… she wants to shun Soma, and she wants to avoid any possibility of…
Wade Brown: Oh, you think Ragath would be on my side?
David Mendenhall: I have no idea. I think it should be there, though.
David Mendenhall: Do you know how far away he is? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he pauses, Thomas says, look, if you want to go fetch Rydoth, you can go fetch Rydoth. By the time you fetch him, Adabra will have had her meeting and had her say.
Kostadis Roussos: You… it is your choice.
David Mendenhall: Okay, gonna keep this one in my back pocket. Alright, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you… Show up at the… Council.
Kostadis Roussos: Man. Adabra… Sees you.
Kostadis Roussos: And as she, she, she steps forward and says.
Kostadis Roussos: And looks at you, and looks at,
Kostadis Roussos: She doesn't look at… she doesn't either look at Soma nor at Vucherdin, she kind of looks at the room. As far as she's concerned, you guys don't exist.
Kostadis Roussos: I will be brief.
Kostadis Roussos: I am not here to argue philosophy with you, I'm here to tell you what I found.
Kostadis Roussos: Three weeks ago, I went to the Whispering Wood myself. I walked to the Spring Grove. The treant is dead. Not wounded. Not sleeping. Dead. Roots collapsed. Crown black.
Kostadis Roussos: The grove that Lyra's chapter was assigned to protect is gone. I pressed Lyra's people on what happened. Their account did not match what I found. I pressed further. They named the Bard. I then spoke with two either others who were present at the grove that night. Their account also did not match.
Kostadis Roussos: What they described is not what was reported to us. The party concealed what happened. They did not make a mistake and tell us. They made a choice.
Kostadis Roussos: I want you to understand what that choice cost. The last time I spoke with this party, I believed the ritual had failed. The tree had still lived. When I heard there was a planer creature collecting materials near the grove, I was, I will say this plainly, pleased. I called it a planer magpie. I said it was the world working as it should. I gave the fard 5 gold pieces for what he told me.
Kostadis Roussos: That day, I believed him. Now, I have walked to the grove itself.
Kostadis Roussos: The treant is dead. The creature is still there. What I called the world healing itself was the world responding to a wound. I was not told had been made. He did not only lie to Lyra's people, he lied to me. These are the facts. A sacred grove is dead. A report was falsified, and I gave gold to the man who falsified it because he is very good at what he does. I'm not asking you to condemn anyone today.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm asking you to look at what I found before you listen to anyone tell you what it means.
Kostadis Roussos: She steps back, she doesn't sit, she is done. As you look across the room, you notice that there's two people
Kostadis Roussos: That you notice Falcon is sitting next to her and looking at her very approvingly.
Gary Young: This is Falcon, the tavern guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He's looking very approvingly.
Kostadis Roussos: Cheers.
Wade Brown: got his ear.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you guys say anything, or just sit there?
Kostadis Roussos: It's like everybody's… there's kind of.
David Mendenhall: Oh, so I just… I just wanna… I wanna press on this account. You said that there were some witnesses that you talked to? Who did you talk to?
Kostadis Roussos: Lyra?
Kostadis Roussos: And I witnessed it with my own two eyes.
David Mendenhall: You went 3 weeks after and saw that the treant had died.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: So…
David Mendenhall: So, between… how much time passed between when you heard this account, which you claim was false, and then you saw that the tree-on was dead? How much time between those two points?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I did 2 weeks.
David Mendenhall: Two weeks. Two weeks. Lot can happen in two weeks.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: How do you know… that what you heard from… I believe you were referring to me.
David Mendenhall: Wasn't true, and that the Trent died within that two-week period before you personally went and saw that it had died.
David Mendenhall: You don't know that.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to, let me just make sure I got the right guys.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to the… one of Lyra's people and says, Thomas.
Kostadis Roussos: what happened?
Kostadis Roussos: Thomas says…
Kostadis Roussos: Lyra asked us to go deal with the metastasized treat. We tried, we failed, the party showed up, they killed it.
David Mendenhall: Okay, that's what he says.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to Lyra. What happened? She turns to Lyra. Lyra says the same thing.
Kostadis Roussos: And then proceeds to try to defend herself by explaining, saying.
Gary Young: Look…
Kostadis Roussos: This was… this was a planar infestation. Things were going south. The grow was bleeding.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I need to have a sidebar conversation. Do you guys want to throw Lyra under the bus? Or Lyra and Thomas under the bus? You want to throw ourselves under the bus? Like…
David Mendenhall: What do you want to do?
David Mendenhall: I don't know why they've decided to be so honest and confess to a crime when they didn't need to, but apparently they did.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so… That sounds like they got…
David Mendenhall: very poor counsel. This is a sidebar conversation.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I know this is a sidebar.
David Mendenhall: If I had been their attorney, I would have advised them to remain silent.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma, roll a nature check.
Wade Brown: Alright, I assume we're in the woods.
Wade Brown: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: And I could barley inspire that if I need to, but…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but she didn't.
Kostadis Roussos: You understand what's going on. They don't think they did anything wrong.
Wade Brown: Yeah, no, obviously, they're…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? As far as they're concerned, she's accusing them of doing something that they… that they don't feel she did anything wrong. They did anything wrong. So they're not confessing to a crime.
Wade Brown: They're just, yeah, stating facts as they see them.
Kostadis Roussos: As far as they're concerned, this is exactly what happened. And they're damn proud of it. And that's what Lyra kind of said. She's not embarrassed that she did that. She did the right thing as far as she's concerned.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Soma, you're the… you're the druid, what do you want me to argue? You just… you decide. Like, I can… I can argue any point of view.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: I mean, my goal is to shut down Adabra, and to me, it seems like Lyra's the key to doing that.
David Mendenhall: We want to convince the crowd that what Lyra did was correct.
David Mendenhall: Yes. But these are… but these people who are non-interventionists, I cannot persuade them to become interventionists. That is beyond my ability.
Wade Brown: At this point, probably, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yes. Okay.
David Mendenhall: So…
Gary Young: So you just want…
David Mendenhall: A schism?
Wade Brown: I mean, I think the schism's already happening, I think we just need to sort of, you know.
Wade Brown: Light it up.
David Mendenhall: I could rally… we could…
David Mendenhall: you know, rally for the interventionists, right? Like, we're proud interventionists, we're… we're forming our own group, come join us, screw these non-interventionists, rah-rah, go team.
Kostadis Roussos: You can stick to your principles and say, we did the right thing, and yes, we killed the treant, and that had to happen.
Wade Brown: was going to take over the whole world.
David Mendenhall: If the variant was going to kill us, it was self-defense.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's… that's… I mean, it's self-defense for us and for the whole.
Gary Young: the.
Wade Brown: land, really. Like, the land was being corrupted.
Kostadis Roussos: Embrace… embrace your soma-ness.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, I don't… I don't think denying what happened is gonna work, since.
Gary Young: We have to buy…
Wade Brown: Just honest people saying exactly what's saying.
David Mendenhall: People don't seem to understand how trials work.
Kostadis Roussos: This is what happens when you go hang out with a bunch of hippies.
David Mendenhall: Hmm…
Wade Brown: I suppose there's one other thing we run. Let's… let's blow this,
Wade Brown: Pull that on, Adabro, I wanna see what the hell's up with her.
Kostadis Roussos: wood.
Wade Brown: Oh, the Residence of Truth.
Kostadis Roussos: To remind me what it does? It makes… it doesn't make…
Wade Brown: Use this ability once for long rest? Oh, oh, that didn't…
David Mendenhall: and say.
Wade Brown: copyright.
Wade Brown: How do I copy the actual…
Wade Brown: I think I can see her. She's Wisdom saving throw against my spell DC of 7?
David Mendenhall: Being mentally controlled, magically manipulated, or consciously lying.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The answer to all of those is a no.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, no, she's a true believer.
Wade Brown: She's a true believer, this is all…
David Mendenhall: Alright, so we're gonna, we're gonna…
Wade Brown: She's just insane.
David Mendenhall: Forced… so the plan is force the schism… Rah-rah, go interventionists.
David Mendenhall: We're gonna try to persuade as many people as we are.
David Mendenhall: And I'm going to also… contact Rigoth and inform him Of what we were doing.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: How are you doing that, just so I know?
Wade Brown: ending.
Gary Young: Bye.
Gary Young: Do you have one?
Wade Brown: Oh, somebody has subscribed to you, okay, yeah, you did ask.
Kostadis Roussos: Could you send me just the… could you send me the, what you sent him, so I have it in my notebook, my notes?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, what do you sell him? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: You've got a coup going on here, and we're taking care of it.
Wade Brown: I mean, we're definitely fomenting one.
David Mendenhall: What a schism!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: We are interventionists, and we are proud of our interventionism, and we are gonna fight Or…
David Mendenhall: For our forest shack.
Wade Brown: You can't really have a coup when there's no actual powers.
David Mendenhall: The non-interventionist.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's… that's fair.
David Mendenhall: peacefully.
Wade Brown: Can you, can you beat them with a, like, whip them up with a rousing song like every, like every, you know, sitcom?
Kostadis Roussos: So the other thing you notice… the other thing you know, as you're looking around… Okay, so… okay, so what is it… what is it you literally say?
David Mendenhall: Well, I'm not… I'm not the… yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, like, with Soma, what do you say? I'll let Vukrudin, like, you know, help you with the phraseology.
David Mendenhall: Go for it, Wade.
Kostadis Roussos: Druids, so you're the ones who they're looking to, just so you know.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, I tell them that the land is hurting, and intervention is the only way out. We are here to protect the land at all costs, and that makes us interventionists.
Wade Brown: Then so be it.
Kostadis Roussos: We're proud, and we're proud?
Wade Brown: We're loud, we're proud.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The conversation… Mmm…
Kostadis Roussos: The conversation starts to rotate. At this point in time, the Falcon starts getting involved, you know, pointing out that interventionism only causes harm.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: Well, if we hadn't intervention… intervened.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave, I need to give you, Dave, I need to give you a piece of information.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Look before you.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I'm gonna give this to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Because it happened a while ago, so you would have probably forgot.
Kostadis Roussos: Chat.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me send this to Dave, let me see…
Kostadis Roussos: Morgan, where are you?
Kostadis Roussos: More gear route, right?
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… I just gave you a… I sent you a private Discord message.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So Falcon is, you know, defending, defending, Adabra.
Kostadis Roussos: Yay.
Kostadis Roussos: As he said.
David Mendenhall: Alright, y'all, I…
Kostadis Roussos: she goes.
David Mendenhall: That's a good… that's a good plan, I like that.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he goes,
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, and somebody makes some comment about how he supports the Dabra, and he goes, I came because I came because someone finally sat long enough to listen. You can keep cheering your victories, I've seen what comes after them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's basically… Goes, and she's right!
Kostadis Roussos: She's right about what needed to happen. You all wanted it simple. Well, this is what simple looks like.
Kostadis Roussos: people are… trees are dead because of men like him. And he points to you and… to you, to Vukriddin.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
David Mendenhall: Betrayed.
Wade Brown: You made an enemy.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what do you want to do with him?
Kostadis Roussos: You can ignore him, you can…
Wade Brown: Throw him under the bus.
David Mendenhall: So…
David Mendenhall: the ring…
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Wade Brown: Whoa.
Wade Brown: The one that you found while snooping around.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what do you want to do?
David Mendenhall: Give it to him. Remind him.
David Mendenhall: Of his lies.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, how do you frame it?
David Mendenhall: How do I frame it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you just present the ring and say, here… remember, he has the ring, you don't have it.
David Mendenhall: He has the ring. Yeah, I was checking, I was checking, I was checking our.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you returned it to him.
Wade Brown: Yeah, you… I think you left everything in place.
Kostadis Roussos: It's very… I mean, you would have stole something from him?
Wade Brown: Un… unlike you.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: So I don't have the ring.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: But you did recall what it looked like, and that it had a sign of a lightning bolt.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Joe, what do you guys want to do? Do you want to tell them what's going on?
David Mendenhall: Can I pull them aside?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can pull them aside. I mean, the discussion's going on. This is, you know, a conclate. This is not, you know, like, some… you've got periodically druids who, like, speak for 20 minutes on rambling topics.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: You've got Homer Simpson moments.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, there's plenty of opportunity to talk.
David Mendenhall: So, so, so, man, like… What's going on here? Like, I thought we were…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wait, you're trying to top-pull the Falconist?
David Mendenhall: sometime.
David Mendenhall: Like, what's… why are you… why are you…
Wade Brown: Why aren't you like this?
David Mendenhall: pointing me out in front of this group. What did I do?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, you intervened, and in your intervention, people died.
David Mendenhall: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Abra sees it clearly.
David Mendenhall: Okay, yes, I hear you, yes. So you really, you really believe this.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, of course I do.
David Mendenhall: Didn't you… didn't you… weren't you an adventurer? Like, didn't you used to intervene? Like, what… why the change of heart?
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, and look what it got me.
David Mendenhall: Mmm, okay, got you. As far as I can tell, it got you a beautiful hunting lodge, and lots of fame, and glory, and…
David Mendenhall: And a whole life built on a lie.
David Mendenhall: Got you a lot, that intervention.
David Mendenhall: But now, now… You're gonna screw me over.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you with contempt.
David Mendenhall: I could tell everybody about what you did.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, what?
David Mendenhall: About how you intervened.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, ever since I spoke to a Dabra, I have learnt the error of my ways.
David Mendenhall: Mmm. Well then, you should have no trouble repenting in front of the group and explaining…
Kostadis Roussos: He stands up, and he says…
David Mendenhall: he made.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and stands up in front of the room, and says, you are right. You are right.
David Mendenhall: I want to hear… I want to hear him, I want to hear him.
Wade Brown: Abandoned my boy!
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, we crowd in here, this silky-stung… the silky-stongued liar, like he calls you.
David Mendenhall: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Has dared to question, to dare me to tell you what happened. It is true, he pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: It is true.
Kostadis Roussos: I was the one… I was an adventurer once.
Kostadis Roussos: And I once believed that the path
Kostadis Roussos: to solving the universe was to intervene, and I once wanted to go fight the dragons, and I failed to fight the dragons, and I have learned that all the pain and misery that happened after that, yes, I had some baubles, and yes, I had some money, but what happened? Once again, the nature tore it down. Once again, the Falcon Lodge was burnt. Once again, I asked heroes to intervene, to protect my lodge, and what did they do?
Kostadis Roussos: They did nothing, and my lodge burned down.
Wade Brown: Okay, we tried.
David Mendenhall: Wow. Okay, I think I'm done.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna walk away.
Kostadis Roussos: You're walking away, he's…
David Mendenhall: Going back to Pandolin, you all can stay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're…
David Mendenhall: I'm being… I do not like the personal insults.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, is…
David Mendenhall: She's not… I'm not interested in helping Lyra anymore, I'm not interested in.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's.
David Mendenhall: No, I'm… I'm straight up, I'm done.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're outrage.
David Mendenhall: No, I'm not, I'm not yelling, I'm not screaming.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, but you're a bit, you're just like, this is…
David Mendenhall: I'm just leaving.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Soma, you're… you're left here.
Wade Brown: Boy, without the silver tongue, I'm doomed.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you could try to convince them to stay, I mean, I don't know if it's possible at this point.
Wade Brown: No, no, I, I, I don't.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I respect that. I mean.
Wade Brown: He's impetuous, I understand the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I think that's totally within character. Give yourself an inspiration point, Dave. I think that is totally within your character's perspective.
Wade Brown: So what do we got? We got…
Wade Brown: Douchebag over here, thinking that he's got,
Wade Brown: Moral high ground for being one way and seeing the air.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to… before you leave, Dave, do you want to tell Soma what you learned about the Falcon, or nothing? You just, like, storm out? You just, like, walk away?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry, of course, turns to you and says, do you want me to kill him?
Kostadis Roussos: Dave.
David Mendenhall: But, I'm gone.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, as you're walking away.
David Mendenhall: No, I don't have anything to say to Brewer.
Kostadis Roussos: He asks you whether you want me to kill him.
David Mendenhall: I heard you, no, I know you.
Kostadis Roussos: Just walk past.
David Mendenhall: No response.
Kostadis Roussos: No response, no response. So, Blueberry is kind of, like, wondering… turns to… turns to the two of you and says, do we kill all these people, or do we leave?
Wade Brown: We don't kill them all, we…
Wade Brown: Without the druids, the land is even more screwed than even… than, you know, with half of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so this is an opportunity for you to embrace your inner interventionism. As you look around the room.
Kostadis Roussos: What you gather is that most of the people kind of maybe agree with you.
Kostadis Roussos: But they're looking for a re… they're looking for a reason to agree with you.
Wade Brown: They're all kind of, you know, under Adabra's, clutches.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, they're not. I mean, that's actually what you're noticing, is that other than the Falcon and the other guy who's sitting next to her, nobody seems to be speaking in her favor.
Wade Brown: Wait, who's the other guy? The…
Kostadis Roussos: He's a… he's somebody you haven't met.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you can go talk to… you can go talk to him.
Wade Brown: I wanna know who he is, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, right.
Wade Brown: I want to know that the, you know, I guess there's a trio of interventionists who have their.
Kostadis Roussos: Naturalists, natural.
Wade Brown: Or naturalists, sorry, right, right, right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yeah, it's kind of, like, hard to, like, keep track of who's who.
Wade Brown: It's just… it's all inverted, man. Up is down, black is white.
Wade Brown: So yeah, I, I, I asked him to speak up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he introduces himself as… hold on, let me just make sure… let me just make sure I got the right name.
Wade Brown: But Carver, no.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade Brown: No, I'm kidding.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Alright, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon, who you, you talked to?
Kostadis Roussos: Aldrich Stonepath.
Wade Brown: Elder, I definitely don't recognize that name.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so, you look at him, he's got a… he's a new face, he's human.
Kostadis Roussos: It's early 40s, weather…
Kostadis Roussos: So as that's going on, How's that's going on?
Kostadis Roussos: She's… she's like, as this is going on forward, San Populos arrives.
Wade Brown: What about Aldrake?
Kostadis Roussos: So while you're about to approach Aldrich, Sanpopulos arrives, I'm just telling you, like, so you can either see what he has to say, or you can talk to Adrik. What would you like to do?
Wade Brown: I wanna talk to Aldrick.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Santablo sees you all and just sits there. Everybody's kind of like, oh my god, the big, you know, arrived. He looks at you, and he pauses, and he… what would you… what do you… how do you want to approach the conversation?
Wade Brown: I just wanna ask, like, I haven't heard from you, you seem to be,
Wade Brown: You know, standing out in the crowd along with these two.
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that he's been, he's been in the mountains for 40 years, 15 years, mapping out all the mountains.
Kostadis Roussos: And that he observes that the, the, he, he, he starts… talking about…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he goes… He's, like, talks of, like, he goes…
Kostadis Roussos: I've spent 50 years in these mountains. I know every valley looked like before. I've been told in order that nothing can be done, and nothing needs to be done, right?
Kostadis Roussos: She is the first person who asked me what I actually saw.
Wade Brown: During the War of the Dragons?
Kostadis Roussos: No, and what he's saying is, like, he's going like, no, no, not about the War of the Dragons, the mountains. We've had problems with orcs, we've had problems with disturbances of nature, nobody wants to talk about them. But Adabra wanted to listen.
Wade Brown: And she wants them to all fall apart, and that's… that's your solution?
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean by fall apart?
Wade Brown: the… her solutions have other, you know, you've got problems with orcs, you've got problems with dragons, you've got problems with all these other things. She's bringing in yet another problem, these planar anomalies, these…
Wade Brown: These infestations, these… You know, these other blights on the land.
Wade Brown: I don't know how you don't see those as a problem as well, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: Read, roll the DC-13 Insight or Persuasion.
Wade Brown: Oh, dear, dee…
Kostadis Roussos: And so while you're talking about this, wait, hold on, before you're talking about that, he… somebody turns to them.
Wade Brown: There you go, 19 Insight.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you've described the peaks problem precisely. What does a DABRA say the solution is?
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: I mean, Adabra says, let… let nature take its course and get… get obliterated, basically.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… All of a sudden, when she… he suddenly stops.
Kostadis Roussos: Aldrich. And Aldrich stops, right? Like, you all of a sudden sort of, like, made it impossible for him to ignore the consequences of his support for Adabra.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The Dabra, realizing what's going on, Says… She goes… She goes,
Kostadis Roussos: The displacement is downstream of the intervention. The answer is to stop the cascade by withdrawing. The ecosystem finds equilibrium without help.
Wade Brown: Equilibrium comes in many forms. One of these equilibriums could be the end of everything, of all life.
Wade Brown: That's not the equilibrium I'm here to protect.
Kostadis Roussos: So, like, this… this causes, like, the things sort of shift. You can sort of feel that the mood has shipped decidedly against Adabra. Adabra's furious. She's like.
Kostadis Roussos: she's not… she wasn't… she was expecting Vukridin to, like, twist the word. She wasn't expecting you.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll do it.
Wade Brown: Don't insult the bard!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she was not expecting you, of all people, to be, like… she looks at Aldrich, she's like, you can see the seething rage inside her room. At this point in time, Xantopoulos sort of announces himself.
Wade Brown: I… I'm sorry, I forget who San Popolos is.
Kostadis Roussos: He's the centaur.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, right, right, right, right, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Let's see, the centaur we saw outside of the, sword?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: Did he watch us, when we were up on top of the mountain?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he left, remember? He brought you to the edge, and then…
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because he said that his hooves were not suitable for mountain climbing.
Wade Brown: He's not goat, he's horse.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, I'm a horse, I'm not a ghost.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Huh.
Gary Young: He was quite favorable to us, you know, like at the time that he was taking us up there, right?
Wade Brown: I mean, he wanted us to intervene.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he, you know, what he said is there's idiots on both sides.
Wade Brown: Well, yeah, there's plenty of stupid to go around.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that was actually his line. The idiots on one side, and idiots on the other side.
Wade Brown: Pure interventionism and pure naturalism are both, follies.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Right, so he arrives… He,
Kostadis Roussos: He could look, he comes, Soma, good to see, you are still carrying that.
Kostadis Roussos: He points to your staff.
Wade Brown: Never lives home without it?
Kostadis Roussos: The thing you notice is that it's, you know, different.
Wade Brown: A few more leaves.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Wade Brown: green.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I know whose staff that is. I know what it means that Mariel gave it to her. He did not give it for sentiment. He gave it because he…
Kostadis Roussos: Pitched her. He picked her.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: It's just a staff!
Wade Brown: Isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a role in insight check.
Wade Brown: Another one? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm just… because I made my acting.
Wade Brown: Oh, there we go, let's go to… I can bartically inspire that with a D10, I think?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can.
Kostadis Roussos: Gary, you can use your insight as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Since you're… since you're a drow in a political situation, I'll let you even roll it with advantage.
Gary Young: I already rolled a 25.
Wade Brown: 25, yeah.
Gary Young: roll that with a binge.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I don't need you to roll that with advantage. Do you want to help Soma, or do you want to see her flail?
Gary Young: I don't know that I have, like, a lot of stake in this nature thing, but .
Kostadis Roussos: But, but, but, but, you know…
Gary Young: That one was kind of helpful, sure.
Wade Brown: You need a place to enjoy the sun.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you…
Gary Young: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: You, dude.
Gary Young: If there's, like, a subtle nudge, I can give Summa.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the subtle nudge he gives you is that Merrill is extremely well-respected by all of these druids. That he's not just some random druid.
Wade Brown: I was just so Drifter!
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he wasn't, that's the point. He was a very important druid, and then apparently he picked you.
Gary Young: Right?
Wade Brown: All the turtles in the land.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, of all the turtles in all the land, he decided to pick you. So, like, you're… you're like this, like… and so she's not going to attack Merrill.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, attacking Merrill would not work.
Wade Brown: Right, and so, because I'm basically Merrill's bearer now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And so, like… and so that's sort of the thing. Then he goes, he sits down. I have news.
Kostadis Roussos: Corbin is dead. Sister Kayla walked out. She's gone to the wind.
Wade Brown: Corbin?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: As in our Corbett?
Wade Brown: Our, our, our, our quarry?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you left a 2nd level fighter with a 10th level assassin.
Wade Brown: This was not smart of us.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that just one of…
Wade Brown: And Boney stood by and did nothing?
David Mendenhall: You guys didn't turn them in when you got to Phandalin?
Gary Young: I thought we did that.
Kostadis Roussos: They left them in the mine, remember?
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Why'd you leave them in the mine?
Kostadis Roussos: You were the one who…
David Mendenhall: On for one week, and you don't take care of the criminals properly?
Gary Young: Wait, what? What? What? We left them in the mine?
Kostadis Roussos: You left the… when you left, the Dragon Barrel.
Gary Young: Oh, you're saying when we were left to go to the Dragonbearer?
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, when you left the… when you left from the Dragon Barrel, you were under time pressure, and so you decided to leave Sister Kayla with Corbin.
David Mendenhall: I remember that.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so Sister Kayla escaped from her clutches and killed Corbin.
David Mendenhall: We would have known that before… they would have known that last week, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, they haven't.
David Mendenhall: stamp.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, because…
Kostadis Roussos: You guys left them in Dragon Barrow, because you couldn't bring them along, because you had to go on the horses very quickly.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary Young: Or we left them in Dragon Barrow.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Well, there's one less of them left there.
David Mendenhall: Or one fewer? Whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's… random NPC, you know, we're not gonna lose sleep over here.
David Mendenhall: I'm not, I'm not…
Wade Brown: I mean, I feel a little bad.
David Mendenhall: adds to him.
Wade Brown: Sorry, I feel a little bad. I'll take them off as precious.
David Mendenhall: subtraction.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. He's not… what is his name? He's not that guy from, from that other village. Parnest, what was his name?
Wade Brown: Wallace?
Kostadis Roussos: Wallace, he's not Wallace.
David Mendenhall: Now, Wallace, I actually cared about.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Wallace actually cause damage and help you attack.
David Mendenhall: We still have Boney, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, you're.
Wade Brown: Yeah, Bony's still my steed.
David Mendenhall: I care a lot more about… I care more about both.
Wade Brown: I care a lot about it.
Gary Young: I feel it owes me.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: Sister Keela.
David Mendenhall: So she escaped? Alright, that's fine, she will… yeah, alright. She escaped.
Wade Brown: Alright, now I've got another quest, this is Reclaim Her.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'll put it on the tracker.
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ.
Wade Brown: Bounty hunt.
David Mendenhall: How many times have we had to trace her down?
Wade Brown: It's like a villain du jour in a sitcom…
David Mendenhall: You know, cereal.
David Mendenhall: Corbyn's revenge will come.
Kostadis Roussos: So Adabra turns…
Kostadis Roussos: Adhabra turns to him and says, See, this is the price of interventionism. Dead bodies everywhere, by careless, careless intervention.
David Mendenhall: I'm not here to listen to them.
Kostadis Roussos: And he points… he points to so…
Kostadis Roussos: And she goes, I'm… and then as Xantopoulos turns to her and says, I am not on your side. I'm not on theirs. I'm telling you what my people saw and what happened.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah, this is… This was not a fault of interventionism.
Wade Brown: This was… You know, human nature, as it were.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you own up to the mistake, or are you gonna, like, try to sugarcoat it?
Wade Brown: Oh, I mean, I'm with the honest druids, right? Like, it's… I'm not the liar that Bukradin is.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, you go, like.
Gary Young: mistake of letting Corbin get killed?
Wade Brown: Yes.
Wade Brown: Okay. This was, this was…
David Mendenhall: I'm…
Wade Brown: We're planning on our…
David Mendenhall: Are you a liar, too? Everyone's calling me a liar tonight.
David Mendenhall: A food bag.
Wade Brown: I can't… I can't embellish things appropriately.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, she doesn't… he lacks the feet of the silver tongue.
Wade Brown: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what we.
Wade Brown: I don't… I don't… I can't sugarcoat, how about that? The ask was, do I sugarcoat it, or do I fess up? I'm not sugarcoating it, I cannot, cannot embellish.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary Young: Corbin was not one of the faithful, so I don't… not that I care about him too much. Yeah, I mean, Kayla owes me, and I think she's a good recruit for the… for the church.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Corbin was, you know, indebted to the carver, basically, who, you know, we intervened upon, by the way.
Wade Brown: I'll have you know, the carver would have been running around in a… what is a white dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: White Dragon suit.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Might have… okay, so you're… you're embracing… you're embracing the moment. You are… Yeah. Oh, okay.
Wade Brown: Getting a little flustered myself.
Kostadis Roussos: You're a little flustered yourself.
Wade Brown: I'm a little flustered.
Kostadis Roussos: Great. At this point in time,
Kostadis Roussos: They, they're, you know, the meeting has gone on for long enough, and a recess is called.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but before that recess, then after a few minutes, they suddenly realized they didn't hear about Lyra, what happened with Lyra.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? They've been, like, arguing amongst themselves that they forgot the person… so they bring in Lyra, and she explains what happened. She goes that, well.
Kostadis Roussos: the forest… there was a planar rift. The planar rift was damaging the forest. If nobody took care of… there was nothing that could be done, we needed to stop the planar rift from damaging more of the trees of the family, so we did what we thought. We thought there was a ritual that we could use, and it didn't work.
Kostadis Roussos: Adabra says, Yes, but the Treant is dead!
Wade Brown: The interplanar triant?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's… I'm not going to cry for that.
Kostadis Roussos: That.
Wade Brown: TreeEng was going to bring a lot more.
Kostadis Roussos: Harmony.
Wade Brown: Manifestation and horror with it.
Kostadis Roussos: You do… you remember some of the things that you saw, the distorted… the distorted L, the distorted.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah, we saw a talking out… well, no, I guess it wasn't talking, it was…
Kostadis Roussos: Distorted, distorted dwar, the deer…
Wade Brown: Oh, and the dwarves and the other place, yeah. Now, we've encountered these, these, these, these anomalies. They are, they're not of this world, they're not, they're not fit to be in this world.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you bring up the Axel Home incidents, where you found…
Wade Brown: was Axel home?
Kostadis Roussos: That was with the dwarf.
Gary Young: I literally had all the dwarves that have been twisted by the.
Wade Brown: Oh, God, man, that one made no sense. Yeah, that was… I mean, those guys were just…
Wade Brown: Weird as fuck.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you bring that up?
Wade Brown: Yeah, I absolutely do, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You bring up…
Wade Brown: We've seen things.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you bring up the fact that, do you bring up the fact… the other things that you remember, you remember about Alatra, you remember about the KP incident, you remember about the, you know, the things that you've learned about that? Do you bring any of that up, or do you keep that to yourself?
Gary Young: bring up that there was some drought involved?
Wade Brown: I'm not gonna bring up the drow at the moment.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: And also bring up that, you know, the, you know, if left unchecked, the, the Talos is starting to blight the land itself.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and that's an example of interventionism.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah, we're seeing, we're seeing, I mean, given that the Falcon's Cabin was overtaken by Talos, members…
Kostadis Roussos: Oceans.
Wade Brown: Telosians, yeah.
Wade Brown: You know, and it's weird, you know, the Falconer asked us to intervene, but now he's an anti-interventionist, just saying, you know. He's mad that we failed to intervene, and yet…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's upset. You get the sense that there's something that's upsetting him.
Wade Brown: Well, he lost his, you know, summer home.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Wade Brown: So…
Kostadis Roussos: The meeting closes, you definitely.
Gary Young: But,
Kostadis Roussos: Unless there's one…
Gary Young: Why… do I know what's happening then?
Kostadis Roussos: To whom?
Gary Young: Falcon.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you wanna go try to figure out what's going on with the Falcon?
Gary Young: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, so… .
Gary Young: Or we do that in the intermission.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Gary Young: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm just trying to remember what happened.
Gary Young: I thought it was, like.
Kostadis Roussos: There's one of those summaries where I didn't take good notes. It's like… That's okay.
Wade Brown: If you forget, then it's fine.
Wade Brown: Real life is icky that way.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, roll an insight check. 18.
Gary Young: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I couldn't remember what happened, and I don't trust my notes, so I'm gonna go… I'm gonna let the dice decide things. That was a hard enough die roll. So, you remember that there is something that… that there was… that the story of the Falcon is complicated because of his relationship
Kostadis Roussos: and his loss.
Gary Young: So he, he was like a treasure hunter, right?
Wade Brown: He was a former adventurer, yeah.
Gary Young: Former adventurer.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: And then he retired.
Gary Young: he… Somebody… right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so just to be clear.
Gary Young: He's had some odd travelers come through his, his place.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: He was upset about the encroaching orcs, that's what we're called.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so here's what you do know. He knows that… you know that,
Kostadis Roussos: I'll… so… so what you know is that… you know that he had this ring, Right? That belonged.
Wade Brown: Did we know that? I thought…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I do. I just double-checked.
Wade Brown: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You know about the Horde.
Kostadis Roussos: That he went… that… he went up to go hunt… kill Imrith, and found… didn't find… found Imrith dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And found some petty gold.
Kostadis Roussos: You know about him lying about his accomplishments.
Kostadis Roussos: And you know that his companions died.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Died, or were murdered.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that they were killed by Imrith, actually.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So you know all of those things, and you also can sense that he's, like, he's very bitter about something.
Kostadis Roussos: So how do you want to approach them?
Wade Brown: Gary?
Gary Young: So just to be clear.
Kostadis Roussos: the way, just to be clear, so just to make sure that Dave at least perhaps hears this, the problem wasn't… the problem was that Dave attacked… did not approached him with, like, tried to question the facts.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and that…
Gary Young: It's also critical about him taking stuff from the horde, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, yeah, yeah, there was, there was, like.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what you're… so how would you want to approach it? Like…
Gary Young: to me.
Gary Young: Well, He knows that we had tried to go on that mission to the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, he knows.
Gary Young: internet failed, right? Yeah.
Wade Brown: We were overwhelmed. It was…
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an insight check.
Gary Young: Another insight track?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Gary Young: Alright, sure.
Gary Young: 25.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're…
Gary Young: It's plus 10 perks, I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: But I'm just… that's… that's very high. So, so your insight… what your insight is telling you is that there is something… that this is a guy…
Kostadis Roussos: Who keeps losing things.
Gary Young: Keeps losing things.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Like, he's intervened again and again, and every time he tries to intervene, bad things happen.
Wade Brown: It's just giving up on life.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So that's sort of his angle, like, he's… and so Adabra has told him that the answer is that he was intervening.
Wade Brown: So he's gone full nihilist and just is gonna lie back and take it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: genomes.
Gary Young: Dragons can be killed.
Kostadis Roussos: So, how do you want to approach him?
Wade Brown: Yeah, browsing, speech… Well, I think…
Gary Young: I think I'd start with, apologize for, not, succeeding yet on the things he asked us to do, but, we do plan to, you know.
Gary Young: Make good on our offer at some point.
Gary Young: And didn't we give him, like, a share of the gold mine or something?
Kostadis Roussos: He, he, gold mine, sure, I think he did.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: Or he had a share of the gold mine, so, like…
Gary Young: We're making progress on that for him.
Gary Young: It required a lot of intervention with the,
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to bring that up, or do you want to leave that to the side?
Gary Young: that we had to intervene with the were-rats to get them to, like,
Gary Young: You know, do their jobs properly and, you know, get the gold flowing again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay, so, so you want to.
Gary Young: We're business partners.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, so you bring that up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and do you tell them what you guys have done to make it…
Gary Young: They were making progress getting this mine going.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… Suddenly, it just kind of causes him to just…
Kostadis Roussos: it… it cracks him. There's, like, he… he just says nothing…
Kostadis Roussos: and stares at the floor. Adobra, at this point in time, is furious. Like, she is beyond livid. Like, she starts…
Gary Young: Kind of tough.
Kostadis Roussos: she, like, wants to, like, lecture… like, she starts, you know, you know how those, like, protesters who… left-wing protesters who start spewing lines of text that make no sense, involving words that are increasingly complicated, that you can't figure out whether they actually represent the English language?
Kostadis Roussos: Sure. Or the anti-colonial, you know, your colonial mindset, and your interventionist mindset.
Wade Brown: Everything's a microaggression.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, yeah, you know what I'm talking about, right? So she goes… I mean, she does the moral equivalent of that as a…
Kostadis Roussos: As a druid in the Forgotten Realms.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, one of the other druids says, I think it is time for us to call a meeting. And he says to Soma, and he seems very gracious to you, he says, Soma, if you don't mind, we will… we will meet to decide what happened.
Wade Brown: To decide what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, to decide what needs to be done. Adabra has asked that we sanction you, but there have been many things that have been brought up here today that make us question that decision. We need to meet as a group. We'll be back in a few minutes.
Wade Brown: Oh, boy.
Wade Brown: Well, talk amongst yourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: She… he… the meeting actually goes… is over in, like, 30 seconds.
Wade Brown: We judge you guilty!
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, they turn to Adabra… they turn to you and say, Adabra, the case you… they turn to Adabra and say, the case you've made just does not hold.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, yes, it is unfortunate that Corbyn died, but he was a criminal.
Kostadis Roussos: And the party made the decision… Soma made the decision to save the forest from the dragon. That was the right decision.
Wade Brown: Yes, we like the forest.
Kostadis Roussos: And as for your supporters, Adric over here admits that if you admit freely that if we were to listen to you, the orcs… what's going on is perfectly normal, and Audric has said that's what he wants to reward. And then he turns to the Falcon, and the falcon…
Kostadis Roussos: The Falcon here depends on money that these interventionists saved him, and he needs them to save him.
Kostadis Roussos: All you managed to do was offend the bard.
Gary Young: I'm wild.
Wade Brown: You're gonna have some good music.
Gary Young: followers, Sister Kayla escaped, the Carver did not.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so, as far as we're concerned, the forest is safer.
Kostadis Roussos: The forest is safer, the interventionists… the purpose of the Druids Enclave is not to save the multiverse, the purpose of the Druids Enclave is to save the forest.
Wade Brown: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And to say.
Wade Brown: Well said.
Kostadis Roussos: For the save this region, and that to just sit there and wait, and say that it's all part of some divine, cosmic plan, it makes no sense whatsoever.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: They're, they're completely, sort of, like, she, she, like…
Wade Brown: I give a bit of a smug look.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you give her a smug look?
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at you with, sort of.
Gary Young: And then…
Kostadis Roussos: Tense rage, and then walks out.
Wade Brown: Mike dropped the staff.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can, like, drop us down.
Wade Brown: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: You mic drop the staff.
Kostadis Roussos: After the meeting is over, the druids, you know, start to pack their things up. One of them walks up and says, is there anything you could do to get the bard to come back? We told he plays very good music.
Wade Brown: He's… you're gonna have to come see him in Phandalin, or when his studio opens.
Kostadis Roussos: They're like… We were told he plays very good music. We were very much looking forward to listening to him play. Another one says, you know that thing that after the meeting where everybody's on your side, Adabra was totally uncalled for. Her behavior was absolutely
Kostadis Roussos: This is disgraceful. Her attack, her personal attacks on… on Vrukerdin crossed the line.
Wade Brown: What do we do about a Dabra?
Kostadis Roussos: She's, she's left, she's left the area.
Wade Brown: No, no, I'm asking the other druids, like, what do we do? You know, she's still a druid at heart, right? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he's, Adabra… they don't know. They, they, you know, it's like, the meeting is over, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I just kind of have this image of Druids being something between, you know, hippies and Lutherans.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, now the service is over an hour now with that potluck.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: I'm sure it's not the last we've seen of her.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: That's… gonna be a thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Well, you let us know if she comes back and, you know, in greater numbers.
Kostadis Roussos: And so they're all very pleased. They do point out that, you know, that they're very happy that
Kostadis Roussos: the,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see just… let me just see what happens. I just… I wrote down what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the moderates have sided with you. Everybody's kind of like this. Lira has been given her standing, she's now part of the… she's now considered a druid in full.
Kostadis Roussos: Good standings.
Wade Brown: Make Lyra great again!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, she's… you've successfully made Lyra great again, so you've acquired
Kostadis Roussos: A friend and an ally you can call on.
Wade Brown: Sort of.
Wade Brown: I don't think Buchert and Caesar is an ally, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm saying the recruiting's not here, I'm telling Dave, you know, put a marker on the Allies check.
Wade Brown: You know.
Kostadis Roussos: She's very happy, she wants to buy you all drinks at the Stonehill Tavern.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, she's like, you know, she's pumped, she's feeling great, she's like, you know, this was… she didn't know… she didn't even know that this was possible.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, Vukrotin would not be happy with this outcome, but I understand why everybody else is happy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just…
David Mendenhall: It's not… this was not a good night.
Wade Brown: Hey, it's… forest preservation is on the menu, I'm… I'm happy with that.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, and so, the moderates of the Druid Council sides with you, and they agree that this intervention, this naturalist position is anomalous, that it doesn't line up with the callings of the Druid.
Kostadis Roussos: And that they, you know, as far as they are concerned, that this is the last they will listen to this kind of nonsense, as far as they're concerned.
Wade Brown: Oh, not all of it's nonsense, but following it to the extent of a DAPRA is.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and one of them, though, does tell something to you about Merrill. Like, I mean, they all know about Merrill, so presumably you want to ask them what do they know about Merrill, like, or do you not want to ask?
Wade Brown: I prefer to keep them a mystery for now.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, fair? Sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Xantopoulos walks up to you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps Meryl made a good choice, and then he walks off.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Wade Brown: Perhaps.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you're done with this, you're done… you've, you've, you're done with this,
Kostadis Roussos: With this, event net. With this whole scene, this whole scene.
Kostadis Roussos: You could head back to town and continue with the rest of your quests.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we were on our way somewhere else, I believe, before this got sort of shoehorned in.
Kostadis Roussos: You were gonna go deal with the Telosians.
Wade Brown: Yeah…
David Mendenhall: Who were they?
Kostadis Roussos: The, the, the, the orcs that, what…
Kostadis Roussos: The orcs that attacked the Falcon Lodge?
David Mendenhall: No, I definitely don't want to deal with those people.
David Mendenhall: Fuck them.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean…
David Mendenhall: go to Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, before you say you want to… before you say what, I'm just, just… I'm totally cool with you wanting to go to Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: The only point I would… I just want to make sure that you, as a member of the Privy Council.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the orcs are causing harm to the local economy.
David Mendenhall: I thought all the orcs were gonna go back to the…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so let's be clear.
David Mendenhall: Dragon Mountain, now that it's free for the taking.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, well, they will if someone, like, you know, the problem is the Dragon Mountain was less fertile ground than the forest.
David Mendenhall: Telling me I gotta save the world again?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not telling you that, I'm simply saying that…
David Mendenhall: tired of saving the world. The world doesn't seem to like that I'm saving it.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, what are you talking about? There was a whole festival congratulating you.
David Mendenhall: That was a… that was a setup by the mayor to try to gain support for his tenuous political position.
Kostadis Roussos: There was genuine love at the con… at the meeting. People were genuinely happy.
David Mendenhall: Not feeling the love, man. Not feeling it.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, in the communities?
David Mendenhall: I'm feeling the angst.
Kostadis Roussos: Spider-Man loves you, I mean, everybody, like, the town community loves you, people want to hear about how you killed the dragon.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I mean, you're a hero, you're a local celebrity!
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: And all these Druids, now that, you know…
David Mendenhall: dragged through the mud by a druid that I saved for 50 gold pieces.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we should have left her at that tower, whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. I'm just saying, man, like, Adabra, you know, so Adabra has… Adabra.
David Mendenhall: Ranger, who… We tried to help, and we almost got slaughtered, and then he betrayed us.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you know, he wasn't that… well, I mean, Buchar didn't seize it that way, but just…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's definitely how I see it.
Kostadis Roussos: That's not what happened, but that's how, you know… Wukrin, you know, Falcon lost yet another thing, and, you know, just in that point of week.
David Mendenhall: I know he's got a lot of trauma.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and then that moment of weakness, Adabra managed to convince him that the reason he was bailing was because he kept on trying.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: It's true. If you stop trying, you can't fail.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And so he was… he was… he had embraced that, right? But that's not who he really was.
Kostadis Roussos: He was just down.
David Mendenhall: Well, his, I have marked his quests in red because I am not interested in doing them right now.
Kostadis Roussos: The only reason… I want to be clear, the only reason of doing them is that
Kostadis Roussos: they are endangering the town of Fandalin, and as a member of its Privy Council.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying that would be the only reason.
David Mendenhall: hire somebody, aren't there? Like, other adventurers who want to go deal with the orcs?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, there's always another group of adventurers that could be… you could hire. I mean, you'd have to pay them money, but they would be not as powerful as you, or if they were as powerful as you, they might have opinions.
Wade Brown: Can't worry.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying.
Wade Brown: on the land.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, there are… I mean, there's always another adventuring group.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, I'm not saying you have to go deal with your orcs, I'm just saying this is… like I said, don't deal with your orcs, that's fine. The world will move forward, there will be consequences for both good or ill.
Kostadis Roussos: You could get the Falcon to come with you, I mean, he is a high-level ranger.
Wade Brown: That he likes us enough.
David Mendenhall: Why would I talk to that guy?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, because Valfine managed to get through to him.
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: for you. Maybe he can join your church.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually…
Gary Young: Actually.
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that's actually a very good idea. You know, in fact, in fact.
David Mendenhall: He's looking for direction in his life, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: a fander.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, the searing pain, like, you know, for a minute there, actually, Do you try…
Gary Young: You can feel alive.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, just roll a persuasion check.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: A religion check, rather, religion.
Gary Young: Religion chapter. Looking for.
David Mendenhall: religion. He seems like the type.
Gary Young: This is not a strong roll, but we will see how this goes.
Gary Young: Oh, wait, no, I've got some bonuses.
David Mendenhall: Use your Bardic inspiration.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary Young: Is that when you eat?
David Mendenhall: V10.
Wade Brown: 810 now, yeah.
Gary Young: Alright.
David Mendenhall: That's a little bit.
Gary Young: What'd you got?
Gary Young: And… Should I do my, my bond thing, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, let's go.
David Mendenhall: Definitely.
Gary Young: Okay, so then that would all add up to, 18.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
David Mendenhall: Much better.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Noma, you used your inspiration, right?
Wade Brown: I didn't use it successfully, so I still have it.
David Mendenhall: Oh, so you still have it, okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I got, like, a really crummy roll, and it did not make it good or enough.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so wait, this inspiration is basically, you get to keep re-rolling the D10 until…
Wade Brown: Until it succeed. Well, you…
David Mendenhall: No, no, no.
Wade Brown: Never use it multiple times on one roll.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: But it doesn't expire if it didn't…
David Mendenhall: If it didn't help you pass the role, then you keep it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you rolled an 18, and the Falcon…
Kostadis Roussos: So what do you… so, okay, so you've achieved an opening, so what do you tell… what do you… what do you sell him on?
Gary Young: he seems…
Gary Young: Very, very down and dispassionate, you know, to, you know, really bring out the zest in life.
Gary Young: you know, get a little bit of thrill and sensation. The pain is a good way to kind of, like, really get a kick in your life.
David Mendenhall: This is not the pitch you want to use, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what did you, what did you, what did you, what did you do…
Kostadis Roussos: So, sorry, could you repeat what you said? My brain just was, like, trying to process…
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary Young: So, when I was doing the insight role earlier, he seemed kind of despondent and kind of like…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: very, very bleh, right? And so, he's a little bit more spice than, like.
Gary Young: Thrill and engagement in his life.
Gary Young: Hence.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, okay, so it turns out, you know, he's not quite open to being converted, alright? Like, this is…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: What you've done is you've kind of, like…
Kostadis Roussos: you kind of, like, you know, you'd see that he's, like, refocused his thing, like, he's, like, he's made a change. If you keep…
Kostadis Roussos: working with him, like, you could get him on your… you could get him, like, so just to be clear, it's not like he's… you're not gonna flip… you're not gonna flip his entire worldview in one evening.
Gary Young: Okay. Right.
Kostadis Roussos: But… but if you… if you… if you were, for example, to help him with his…
Kostadis Roussos: his problem with the orcs. That would go a long way to showing, you know, that.
Gary Young: the power of offender.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The power of Lathander, the power of fate, the, you know… I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: Presenting, like, these are things that… Are you kidding?
Gary Young: politics.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, the power of politics, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And so… You know, but, like… Yeah, so, so, so,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's, so that is…
Kostadis Roussos: So, she… she's all… she's, he's… in… in this discussion about… about his pain, do you… do you talk at all about your journey? Like, he kind of, like, he kind of turns to you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: How did you become a cleric of a thunder? You're… you're a drow.
Gary Young: Yes, well… you know.
Gary Young: I was a mens of Baradzan, and, you know, after the demons invaded and rampaged the town in response to, you know, like, the predations of,
Gary Young: you know, that were instigated by, you know, like, this, the giant uprising, right? The… right? So, you know, came up to the Overbrite, and wow, just the,
Gary Young: The vividness of the sun beating down on us, you know?
Gary Young: It was a glorious moment.
Gary Young: Glorious moment.
Kostadis Roussos: And I don't know, for some reason that clicks with him, and he's like, you know, he goes, he goes, he doesn't even know why he ever supported Adabra, and he says, I've got a lock to work, work on. And he says, we need to go deal with those orcs.
David Mendenhall: Work on an apology.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, and, and, I was gonna say, and he's like, I probably owe the brard an apology.
Gary Young: He'll get over.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you sure about that, Soba? Could you, like, give… he turns to you, Valfina, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: You're… you have a way with words. Maybe you could convince him that I didn't mean harm?
Gary Young: So, Maddie…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you wanna… do you wanna…
David Mendenhall: apologize in person, he wants Milfina to do it.
Kostadis Roussos: That is funny.
David Mendenhall: Really lame, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, he's asking for how… he's asking Valthina how.
David Mendenhall: Oh, oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I'd like to hear this, how… yeah, how… what's the… what's a good way to apologize to me, Velfina?
Gary Young: Well, if you have any interesting, rare instruments from your lodge, you may donate them to either the church or to the studio, and I think that would go a long way.
Wade Brown: You could build them a performance hall.
David Mendenhall: These are good ideas.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Wade Brown: Gotta rebuild your cabin anyway, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, well, I mean, I suppose, I suppose that those are all, those are all, those are all excellent ideas.
Gary Young: performance help, and a small shrine to Lathander in your lodge, I think that would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're so…
Wade Brown: I don't know, does Vukran play religious music?
Wade Brown: Christian Rock.
David Mendenhall: I've, but did I say, like, I'm okay with selling out?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, you've sold out completely, dude. You'll play whatever people want.
David Mendenhall: Whatever, whatever.
Wade Brown: You used to be about the music.
Kostadis Roussos: It used to be about the art, and then you discovered nobody.
David Mendenhall: Right, no. There's nothing immoral about selling out, it's only pathetic.
Gary Young: outside. Boom.
Wade Brown: That hurts.
Kostadis Roussos: I actually thought… I thought you didn't even say that. I thought it was kind of like, you realize that, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Playing music that nobody wanted to listen to wasn't cool.
David Mendenhall: No, I think it was that I… I just want to… want everybody to like me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what I meant, that you… it was like, you wanted people to like you and play music that nobody liked and not…
David Mendenhall: what they like, sure, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. You basically realize that the silver… the eloquence that you acquired, you could apply to yourself.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, apparently there's no music that'll convince Aldabra.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, some… some people are just… just some people have.
Wade Brown: Some people are just dicks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I think it's…
Wade Brown: 1031.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so anyway, so yes, so you've managed to… to navigate this well. I hope you guys had… I hope you… I hope some of you had fun.
Wade Brown: I think Dave Stormingoff was really…
David Mendenhall: I felt a little… I felt a little, slighted, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know… I mean, they were, you know, the thing that you have to realize, Dave.
Kostadis Roussos: is that Vukraddin has acquired a reputation of being silver-tongued and convincing everybody with his mouth.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he's done it so well, But now people…
Kostadis Roussos: Like, people who've experienced it firsthand, and have been burned by it.
Kostadis Roussos: get enraged by it. Get enraged by it. So you just have to be aware of that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And it's kind of like, somebody convinces you of something, and you realize they bamboozled you, like, some reaction… some people overreact.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So that… that's what you were experiencing. It was more of them feeling pissed that you had managed to convince them of things, and that they had fallen for it, and they were… and they had seen how you've convinced other people, and they were determined that they were going to get their moment.
Kostadis Roussos: So that… that was what was going on. It wasn't that they… it wasn't a… it was them feeling like a need to express their power.
Wade Brown: The GM just hates you, that's what it was.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's not… that's not true. I love Ducra. Bucret is my favorite character after Valfide and Sova.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I love how fast I love it.
Wade Brown: Crewberry and all of this.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if Stefan was here, I'd say… no, I love the Brigade.
David Mendenhall: He loves all his characters equally. It's just how it is.
Kostadis Roussos: I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway, guys, I hope you guys had fun. I had fun tonight. I hope… alright.
Gary Young: I bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, just…
Wade Brown: I'll see you guys Sunday!
Kostadis Roussos: All that, all that quick question. Where do we want to go next? Are we going to Neverwinter, or are we going to deal with the orcs?
Gary Young: Along the way to Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you could make it along the way.
Wade Brown: Is it?
David Mendenhall: As long as you convince… that we're heading in the direction. He's pretty naive. He'll probably…
Wade Brown: This is all work, we stumbled upon…
David Mendenhall: Oh, a bunch of works, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be…
David Mendenhall: We gotta, you gotta save the world again!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just to be clear, just to be clear, yes, it's on the way, it's towards the north. Now it's towards the east, and then the…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you guys need to work with Fukradin, and just, you know… he's like a child in some.
Wade Brown: Oh, he's absolutely a.
David Mendenhall: We're going to Neverwinter, no, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, just a few more days, we're gonna be there.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so just want to be clear, so yes, so it is on the way. So, Orcs and the Neverwinter, is that what we're doing? Just so I can…
David Mendenhall: Good night, I can tell her. Good night.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Hi, guys.
Gary Young: Question?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, go for it.
Gary Young: So you're saying Sunday?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so Saturday.
Wade Brown: Is it Saturday?
Gary Young: Well, the LAN party is on Saturday.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: And then Dave's thing is on Sunday, yes.
Wade Brown: Okay, I don't know about the land party.
Gary Young: So, for Dave's thing, the…
Gary Young: Are you going? Anyone going?
Kostadis Roussos: My thought was I was going yes.
Gary Young: Okay.
Wade Brown: I RSVP'd.
Gary Young: I have never been up to a game… I assume people are going Calteri?
Wade Brown: I'm just gonna… yeah, I mean, I live right next to Caltrain, so I'm just taking it. It's like a 4-block walk from the station.
Gary Young: Yeah, do you, can you help me with the logistics?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gary Young: Maybe I'll meet up with you on the train or something?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's really easy, you just…
Wade Brown: train.
Kostadis Roussos: We're on the train, and it's the last station.
Gary Young: Yeah, well, I was like…
Wade Brown: to the last one? I forget.
Gary Young: What time, what train are you taking?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, that, yeah, so I'm happy to help you with that, dude. I'll, I'll send you that… I'll send you that information, don't worry about it.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Have you not been on Caltrain recently?
Gary Young: I haven't been on it since it was electrified, for example.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, the new electric trains are nice.
Kostadis Roussos: air.
Wade Brown: I actually look forward to taking it now. They've got good Wi-Fi out the whole way, like, you can just zone out.
Gary Young: Yeah. Well, you know, like, if we're all going, we can go hang out on the train, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep.
Wade Brown: If you want.
Gary Young: Yep. Yeah.
Wade Brown: I haven't, I haven't picked the exact train I'm getting on, but…
Wade Brown: You can meet me at Sunnyvale Station. You can park at my house.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, folks.
Gary Young: I'd have to go south for something else.
Wade Brown: It's kind of silly.
Gary Young: Mountain View, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, anyway, hope you guys had fun.
Wade Brown: Hi, Nick!
Wade Brown: I'll see you guys Sunday.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Bye.